God is love, and he invites us:
‘Walk with me and love my way.’
When we love both God and neighbor,
Gracious deeds will fill each day.
Therein lies the key to living;
Therein lies the life we seek.
Christlike love will never fail us;
Christlike love through us will speak.
Love of truth moves us to action;
Love of God moves us to love.
When we fail he seeks to help us;
By his strength we rise above.
Love is pure and never jealous;
Love is kind and bears all things.
May we grow to love our brother;
May we taste what true love brings.
Never let resentment lead you;
May it never take your hand.
Look to God, and he will guide you;
He will teach you these commands:
Love of God and love of neighbor,
Ev’rything that love should be.
May we always show to others
Godlike love, yes, tenderly.